Release Review: NetworkAccessManagement r2.1 (alpha) (#139)
camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-r2.md

* fix: pin validation caller to tooling S-037 hotfix SHA by @hdamker in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/138

## New Contributors
* @wrathwolf made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/1
* @caubut-charter made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/3
* @RandyLevensalor made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/5
* @MarkusKuemmerle made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/6
* @benhepworth made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/23
* @hdamker made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/45
* @hdamker-bot made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/50
* @camara-release-automation[bot] made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/125

</details>
<!-- END:AUTOGENERATED:CANDIDATE_CHANGES -->

## network-access-management 0.2.0-alpha.1

> **network-access-management 0.2.0-alpha.1 is** the first consumable alpha of NAM, providing Trust Domain management, Zero-Touch Onboarding for subscriber devices, and reboot-request operations on operator-supplied network access devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**network-access-management 0.2.0-alpha.1 is** the first consumable alpha of this API, providing Trust Domain management, Zero-Touch Onboarding for subscriber devices, and reboot-request operations on operator-supplied network access devices.
```

### Added

* Initial Network Access Management API surface:
    - **Trust Domains** — CRUD operations for declarative LAN-scoped network configurations, with policy-driven control over device admission, bandwidth, and egress. Capability discovery endpoint (`GET /trust-domains/capabilities`) exposes operator-supported configurations. Wi-Fi (WPA Personal/Enterprise) and Thread (Structured/TLV) access types supported.
    - **Trust Domain Devices** — CRUD operations for registering subscriber and IoT devices into Trust Domains with Zero-Touch Onboarding via DPP, Matter, and Well-Known SSID Onboarding (WKSO) bootstrapping protocols (#118, #122).
    - **Reboot Requests** — CRUD operations for immediate or scheduled reboot of operator-supplied network access devices.
    - **Services** — read-only enumeration of subscriber service instances (`GET /services`, `GET /services/{serviceId}`).
    - **Network Access Devices** — read-only enumeration of operator-supplied network access equipment (`GET /network-access-devices`, `GET /network-access-devices/{networkAccessDeviceId}`).
* Basic-tier Gherkin test definitions covering sunny-day scenarios for every operation (#120).

> * Local cache of `CAMARA_common.yaml` and a project-local `modules/` directory under `code/`, aligned with the Commonalities Consumption-and-Bundling Design (#117, #121).

Reviewer: This point is project admin and could be dropped as not see by API consumers.

Reviewer 2: Removed in [a6bf1aa](https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement/pull/139/commits/a6bf1aa7e56dabda9b0e92cd526a9c54f9aaa22a)
